[1]  Kübra  Eroğlu  et al 2016 proposed  this  study  tomake  a  comparison  of  the  performance  of  thedifferent  classification  methods  and  ensemblealgorithms
that  are  used  for  detection  of  chronickidney  disease.  This  study  involves  six  differentbasic  classifier  namely:  k nearest neighbor  (KNN),naive  bayes, 
support  vector  machines  (SVM),random trees,  J48, decision tables  and three differentensemble  algorithm  namely:  bagging,  AdaBoost,random subspace are used in 
the study. Classificationresults  were  derived  using  three  differentperformance evaluation criteria  (kappa, accuracy andthe  area  under  the  ROC  curve  (AUC)).

[2] Veenita Kunwar  et.al 2016 Data mining is  vastlybeing investigated in diagnostic results. Huge amountof un-mined data  derived from healthcare industry isused
to  discover  sensible  information  in  order todiagnose  and help  in decision  making. Data  mininghelps  in  extracting  hidden  information  from  hugedataset.  
It  also  helps  in  categorizing  data,  validatethem and derive unique patterns in them. Several datamining  techniques  like  classification,  clustering,regression,
association analysis, etc are used in healthcare  data mining.  The  objective of  this paper  is forthe  prediction  of  Chronic  Kidney  Disease  (CKD)through  
classification  techniques  like  ArtificialNeural  Network  (ANN)  and  Naive  Bayes.Rapidminer  tool was  used  for  experimental purposeand the results  show that  
Naive Bayes  obtains moreaccurate results than the Artificial Neural Network.

[3] K.R.Lakshmi et.al 2014 proposed a study thatrecords  the  performance  evaluation  of  three  datamining techniques that are used for predicting kidneydialy 
survivability. This research  inovlves variousdata  mining  techniques like  Decision tree,  ArtificialNeural  Networks and  Logical  Regression to  
extractknowledge  based  on  the  interaction  between  thesevariables and predict patient survival. A performancecomparison  based  on  these  three  data  
miningtechniques  is  performed using  the  data collected  atdifferent  dialysis  sites.  The  outcomes  are  reportedand finally  it is concluded  that ANN  is 
advisable tobe used for Kidney dialysis  in order  to derive  betterresults with performance and accuracy.

[4] Naganna  Chetty  et.al  2015,  Chronic  KidneyDisease  (CKD)  has  become a  common  problem  tothe  public  in  recent  days.  CKD  refers  to  kidneydamage  
and  is measured  in terms  of  GFR(Glomerular Filtration Rate). Researchers from healthcare as well as the academicians are  working on theCKD problem and design an 
efficient model in orderto predict and classify the CKD  patient in the initialstage of  CKD. This  can help  health care  persons totake the necessary treatment to 
prevent or cure CKD.There  are  several  classification  models  built  usingdifferent  classification  algorithms.  Some  of  themethods  are;  bestfirst  search 
method  andWrappersubset  attribute  evaluator  to  predict  andclassify  the  CKD  and  non  CKD  patients.  Thesemodels are implemented on the CKD dataset that 
wasdownloaded from  the UCI  repository. These modelsshow better performance in classifying CKD and nonCKD cases.

[5] Miguel A et.al 2014, demonstrated  the possibilityof  a  distributed  approach  for  the  management  ofalarms  that  are  related  to  the  monitoring  of  
CKDpatients who are  part of  the eNefro project.  In orderto satisfy this  purpose and from the methodologicalpoint  of view,  these alarms  and prioritization 
issuesare  concerned  methodologically  according  to  thedefinitions  provided  by  the  ISO  IEC/CD  60601.Apart  from  the  technological  perspective,  
thisapproach is based  on the publisher/subscriber  modeland is developed according to the DDS specification.This  double perspective  approach makes  it possiblefor 
a proper management of the HD alarms describedin eNefro. 
